THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR COMING TO
SEE US!
THAT YOU ARE BOTH HERE AND HERE
TOGETHER.
>> I THOUGHT WERE STILL CLAPPING
FOR ME AND I HAD NO IDEA-- .
>> James: THEY WERE.
WE ARE ALL CLAPPING FOR ALL OF
YOU, ALL THE TIME, EVERY ONE OF
YOU.
>> YES.
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
SWRZ THANK YOU FOR BEING HERE.
NOW YOU BOTH, YOU GREW UP NEAR
EACH OTHER, AND JENNIFER, WE
KNOW ARE YOU FROM THE BRONX,
LEAH, YOU GREW UP IN BROOKLYN.
SO I DON'T KNOW THE DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN, I DON'T KNOW A SORT OF
BRONX ACCENT OR A BROOKLYN
ACCENT.
WHAT SAN ACCENT, HOW DO I GET TO
DO A PROPER FULL BRONX EXPERT.
>> THERE ARE DIFFERENT ONES,
BRONX ITALIAN, AND BRONX PUERTO
RICA AND BROOKLYN I TAL WRAN IS
MORE LIKE BRONX ITALIAN.
>> YEAH.
>> BUT IF ARE YOU FROM THE BRONX
DOESN'T MEAN YOU HAVE ALL OF THE
EXACT SAME ACCENT.
>> James: SO HOW DO I DO YOUR
ACCENT.
>> WHEN I WAS GROWING UP I
TALKED LIKE.
THIS I WAS LIKE VERY HI, HOW ARE
YOU, WHAT DO YOU WANT?
I HAD MY HOOPS ON.
I LOVED TO WEAR A LOT OF
EYELINER.
>> YEAH.
>> AND YOU WERE LIKE-- I WAS
LIKE I'M TALKING TO YOU.
OR I'M TALKING TO-- SHE'S A
WHO-ORE AND WE SAID SHE'S A
SLUT.
NOW YOU HAVE TO SAY LIKE TALK.
TALK.
>> James: I FEEL LIKE I'M
DRUNK.
IT'S MAKING ME TALK LIKE I'VE
HAD A COUPLE OF DRINKS.
>> YES.
WE DON'T PLAY THAT IN THE BRONX,
OKAY.
>> James: WHAT DO WE PLAY
THEN, WHAT AM I.
>> YOU SAID IT RIGHT.
TALK, AND YOU HAVE -- YEAH, I
WAS TALKING TO HER A A LOT OF
HANDS.
>> James: AND A LOT OF HANDS.
>> BUT ITALIAN HANDS ARE
DIFFERENT THAN PUERTO
RECOGNIZEAN HANDS.
>> EXACTLY.
>> James: I SEE, SO ITALIAN
HANDS ARE HERE.
PUERTO RICAN HANDING WITH THE
PINK YEA AND THE HORN, YOU GIVE
THE ITALIAN HORN.
>> AND YOU TALK A LOT.
>> PUERTO RICAN HANDS ARE MORE
LIKE THIS.
>> James: OH, NICE.
>> OKAY?
>> James: CAN YOU DO-- YOU CAN
DO GOOD IMPRESSIONS OF EACH
OTHER.
CAN YOU DO A GOOD IMPRESSION OF
LEAH RINLI.
>> NO, SHE THINKS SHE IS DOES.
IT IS CRAZY WEIRD.
>> WHAT?
DO IT AGAIN.
>> WHAT DO I DO FOR YOU.
>> BUT HER IMITATION OF ME IS
LIKE-- LOOK WHAT YOU HAVE DONE
IS HE SHE OKAY.
>> IT IS SO YAZY, HAVE I NEVER
DONE THAT IN MY LIFE.
>> THAT IS EXACTLY HOW YOU AK.
>> AND YOUR OTHER IMITATION IS
TO CALL-- LOOK IT, LOOK IT, LOOK
IT.
I WILL MESS UP YOUR BUN, I WILL
MESS UP YOUR BUN.
>> James: YOU SHOULD SEE THE
ABSOLUTE CERTIFICATE QUUSNESS IN
JENNIFER'S BODY WHEN YOU JUST
MENTIONED YOU WOULD MESS UP HER
BUNMENT LIKE IT WAS ALL FUN AND
GAMES, ALL FUN AND GAMES UNTIL
SOMEONE.
>> I WILL CUT YOU BITCH SHALL I
WILL CUT YOU.
>> James: YOU HAVE BEEN
FRIENDS FOR A VERY, VERY LONG
TIME.
NOW LEAH, TELL ME, I IMAGINE
BEING A DEAR CLOSE FRIEND OF
J.LOS COMES WITH SOME SORT OF
INTRUSION ON YOUR LIFE WHAT IS
IT LIKE WHEN ARE YOU CONSTANTLY
BEING SURROUNDED BY PAPARAZZI
AND THINGS LIKE, THAT IS IT
INSANE TO BE IN A FRIENDSHIP
LIKE THAT.
>> IN THE BEGINNING IT WAS, CUZ
I WAS THE PROTECTER.
I FELL LIKE HER PROTECTER.
AND WE WENT SHOPPING OR
SOMETHING.
>> I KNOW, YEAH.
>> I AM IN THE SCORE AND THERE
ARE ALL OF A SUDDEN 20 PAPARAZZI
PULLING U-TURN AND PUTTING
PEOPLE'S LIVES IN DANGER.
SO I BECOME HER PROTECTER.
AND ST LIKE A ONE-MAN SHOW.
I'M LITERALLY IN THE CAR PULLING
U-TURNS AND MY [BLEEP], LIKE
[BLEEP] OR THIS OR THAT, I'M
SWEATING.
I PUT MAKEUP ON BECAUSE I KNEW I
WOULD PROBABLY BE FOLLOWED
TRYING TO GET TAPONS OR
WHATEVER.
-- TAMUPONS OR WHATEVER.
IT IS LIKE A WHOLE OTHER SCENES
BE LIKE ONCE IN A WHILE THEY SEE
ME AT STARBUCKS.
>> James: SURE.
>> LIKE OH, DOUCHEBAG, BUT IN IS
A WHOLE OTHER LIFE, RIGHT, AND
THEN I LOOK OVER AT HER LIKE I'M
SWEATING.
MY MAKEUP IS-- AND SHE'S JUST
LIKE, YOU KNOW, SCROLLING
THROUGH INSTAGRAM OR JUST NO
CARE IN THE WORLD.
>> James: I GUESS IT IS JUST
EVERY DAY, EVERY DAY.
>> YOU GET USED TO IT AND YOU
HOPE NOTHING IS GOING TO HAPPEN,
MOST TIMES EVERYTHING IS OKAY.
>> James: SURE.
DO YOU THINK, CUZ CELEBRITY
CULTURE HAS CHANGED A GREAT DEAL
LIKE IN THE AGE OF SOCIAL MEDIA.
AND THINGS LIKE THAT.
DO YOU THINK IT'S WORSE NOW OR
WAS IT WORSE WHEN EVERYTHING WAS
JUST ABOUT TABLOIDS?
>> YOU KNOW, IT'S BOTH.
I HATED WHEN WE DIDN'T HAVE ANY
VOICE, JUST TAB LOISD, YOU WERE
JUST GETTING KIND OF ALL OF THIS
NEGATIVE, CRAPPY INFORMATION ALL
THE TIME.
NOW AT LEAST YOU GET TO KNOW US
A LITTLE MORE ON SOCIAL MED WHAT
BUS WE GET TO SPEAK FOR
OURSELVES.
AND I LIKE THE INTERACTION.
BUT BECAUSE THERE ARE SO MANY
MORE CHANNELS WITH THE INTERNET
THERE ARE SO MANY MORE WROWTD
LET'S, IT IS MORE PAPARAZZI.
BECAUSE THEY'RE ALWAYS LOOKING
FOR CONTENT, EVERYBODY IS ALWAYS
LOOKING FOR CONTENT.
SO YOU KNOW, IN A WAY IT WAS
WORSE AND NOW IT'S STILL WORSE.
>> YOU GET TO SAY-- NO, BUT YOU
GET TO ANSWER, AND YOU GET TO
SAY, AND PEOPLE.
>> I LIKE THAT BETTER, FOR SURE,
FOR SURE.